# Meeting #4
--------------------

## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 12/4/2023, 18:30  
**Meeting Purpose:** Sprint updates & Project re-planing
**Meeting Location:** Remote  
**Note Taker:** Sérgio Estêvão

## Attendees

### FEUP
- Ana Bagić
- António Oliveira
- Carolina Figueira
- Francisco Colino
- Pedro Carvalho
- Rafael Camelo
- Rita Mendes
- Sérgio Estêvão

### MOG Technologies

- Hugo Neves

## Agenda Items

Item | Description
---- | ----
Swift programming impediment | • Discuss the impediment we are facing with the Swift programming language <br> • Decide what is the best course of action
MEM4PRO Product Owner meeting | • Inquiry about the meeting with the MEM4PRO product owner
Sprint #1 updates | • Show updates on the phone and smartwatch apps
AOB  | • Any Other Business



## Discussion Items

### Swift programming impediment
- We told Hugo, as we mentioned in previous emails, that we didn't have in the team anyone with a MacOS device, and since Swift programming is locked for only MacOS devices, the start of the development of the Apple Watch app is being held up.
- We presented two options for this problem, either MOG could provide us with a MacOS device for us to remote access too, or we could discard the Apple Watch app and focus on the Android watch app and phone app
- Hugo told us that MOG probably could provide us with a MacOS device, but that he would have to check with the company's management and would inform us next Monday.

### MEM4PRO Product Owner meeting
- Hugo informed us that he would schedule a meeting with us and André, the product owner of mem4pro, to clarify the API in the first week of May, most likely. But he would email us with the exact date.


### Sprint #1 updates
- We showed Hugo the progress we have made in the past week, and he was very pleased with the progress we have made. We showed the phone app but due to time constraints, we couldn't show the smartwatch app.

### AOB
- Hugo told us that we would be abroad in Las Vegas, for 2 weeks, presenting the PADEL4PRO project at a conference
- Hugo informed us that Matilde would be for now out of the project due to other commitments, but that she would be back in the project in the future.
- The next meeting will need to be scheduled at a different time since Hugo will be working with a 8h time difference from us.



## Action Items
| Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
| Inform H4PRO about the availability of MacBooks  | MOG | 17/04 |
| Schedule a Meeting with MEM4PRO's product owner  | MOG | ASAP |
| Schedule the next meeting | MOG&FEUP | Not defined |

## Other Notes & Information
N/A
