# Meeting #5
--------------------

## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 2/5/2023, 17:00  
**Meeting Purpose:** Sprint #2 updates, Project re-planing & 
**Meeting Location:** Remote  
**Note Taker:** Sérgio Estêvão & Francisco Colino

## Attendees

### FEUP
- Ana Bagić
- Carolina Figueira
- Francisco Colino
- Isabel Silva
- Pedro Carvalho
- Rafael Camelo
- Sérgio Estêvão

### MOG Technologies

- Hugo Neves

## Agenda Items

Item | Description
---- | ----
Review Sprint #2 Progress | • Smartwatch Improvements <br> • Phone App Improvements
Discuss the plans for the next sprints | • Decide the future of the iOS app <br> • Discuss the API with the product owner <br> • Discuss the current state of the project <br> • Discuss the future of the project
Meeting Scheduling | • Schedule a meeting for the API onboarding and for testing the smartwatch app on a real device
Client & Competitors information | • Inquire Hugo about what courts MOG has access to <br> • Inquire Hugo about the competitors of PADEL4PRO
AOB  | • Any Other Business



## Discussion Items

### Review Sprint #2 Progress
- We showed Hugo the phone app, and he was pleased with the progress we have made, but told us to change the logo for Padel4Pro and to change the font to extra bold;
- Due to time constraints, we couldn't show the smartwatch app, but later sent Hugo screenshots of the app;

### Discuss the plans for the next sprints
- We discussed the future of the iOS app, and we decided to discard it for now since it would take too much time to develop it, and it would not add that much value to the MVP, although the product wise it would be a good addition since the majority of the market uses iOS;
- We presented Hugo with the issues we had in our plan for the next sprints, and Hugo agreed with them;
- We asked Hugo about the login feature for the app, and he told us that it would be done not with the MEM4PRO API but with the "vizi" API, which he said he would give us further information about in the next meeting; 

### Meeting Scheduling
- We scheduled a meeting with the product owner of MEM4PRO for next week, to discuss the API and the future of the project, the date will be decided later according to the availability of the team;

### Client & Competitors information
- We asked Hugo about what courts MOG has access to, and he said he would prefer to be the intermediary between us and the courts, so we would not have to worry about that.
- We asked Hugo also about the competitors, which he named PlaySight and Padel-Tenis.


## Action Items
| Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
| Inform Hugo about the date for the meeting  | FEUP | 5/05 |

## Other Notes & Information
N/A
