# Meeting #2
--------------------

## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 22/3/2023, 15:00  
**Meeting Purpose:** Updates on MOG's side of Padel4Pro
**Meeting Location:** Remote  
**Note Taker:** Sérgio Estêvão

## Attendees

### FEUP
- Ana Bagić
- António Oliveira
- Carolina Figueira
- Francisco Colino
- Irina Nóbrega
- Isabel Silva
- Pedro Carvalho
- Rafael Camelo
- Rita Mendes
- Sérgio Estêvão

### MOG Technologies

- Hugo Neves
- Matilde Alexandra

## Agenda Items

Item | Description
---- | ----
MOG's API | • Receive the documentation and information about MOG's API
MOG's Image | • Reveice updates on MOG's image, new material, and promotional video
Review Presentation Feedback | • Discuss the Review presentation
AOB  | • Any Other Business



## Discussion Items

### MOG's API
- Hugo gave us access to the MOG's MEM4PRO API and the corresponding documentation
- We were informed that the API is still in development, so we should expect some changes in the future
- Hugo told us that he would schedule a meeting with us and André, the product owner of mem4pro, to clarify the API

### MOG's Image
- Hugo informed us that there was a delay 


### Review Presentation Feedback
- We discussed some other points about the presentation, but both Hugo and Matilde agreed that the presentation was good and that we should continue with the same pace.

### AOB
- We updated Hugo and Matilde with the deliverables we have been developing in the past week
- We confirmed that the tech-stack suggested by us would be the one adopted by the project



## Action Items
| Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
| Schedule a Meeting with MEM4PRO's product owner  | MOG | ASAP |

## Other Notes & Information
N/A
